[docs] Add more details regarding installation of material-ui/styles (#13813)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/css-in-js/basics/basics.md

install();
```

> There has to be at least one `ThemeProvider` in your application surrounding the components. It is recommended to place the above code in a seperate file (e.g. `bootstrap.js`) and importing it in `index.js` to ensure the installation is executed before anything else. If the installation step is not performed correctly the resulting build could have conflicting classnames.

Reviewer: > There has to be at least one `ThemeProvider` in your application surrounding the components.

Why is that?

> There has to be at least one `ThemeProvider` in your application surrounding the components. It is recommended to place the above code in a seperate file (e.g. `bootstrap.js`) and importing it in `index.js` to ensure the installation is executed before anything else. If the installation step is not performed correctly the resulting build could have conflicting classnames.

Reviewer 2: > in a seperate file
should be 
'in a separate file'

Author: Thanks!

install();
```

> It's **recommended** to place the above code in a separate file (e.g. `bootstrap.js`) and importing it in your application entry point (e.g. `index.js`).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is **recommended** to place the above code in a separate file (e.g. `bootstrap.js`) and to import it in your application's entry point (e.g. `index.js`).
```

> It ensures the installation is executed before anything else because ECMAScript imports are hoisted to the top of the module. If the installation step is not performed correctly the resulting build could have conflicting class names.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This ensures that the installation is executed before anything else, because ECMAScript imports are hoisted to the top of the module. If the installation step is not performed correctly the resulting build could have conflicting class names.
```

We will make `@material-ui/styles` the default style implementation for the core components in Material-UI v4. This installation step is **temporary**.

> Waiting for the v4 release, we are using dependency injection.

Reviewer 3: I don't understand this sentence.

Reviewer: removed

> Behind the scene, the `install()` function is switching the styling engine the core components are using.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Behind the scenes, the `install()` function switches the styling engine the core components use.
```
